chore(core): add changeset files (#2926)
logto-io/logto: .changeset-staged/cyan-buses-trade.md

---
"@logto/core": minor
"@logto/integration-tests": minor
"@logto/schemas": minor
"@logto/ui": minor
---

> Replace `passcode` naming convention in the interaction APIs and main flow ui with `verification code`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replace `passcode` naming convention in the interaction APIs and main flow ui with `verificationCode`.
```
